fix: multisig doc and passkey (#453)
MystenLabs/ts-sdks: packages/docs/content/typescript/cryptography/passkey.mdx

	new BrowserPasskeyProvider('Sui Passkey Example', {
		rpName: 'Sui Passkey Example',
		rpId: window.location.hostname,
		authenticatorSelection: {
      		authenticatorAttachment: "cross-platform", // or "platform"
    	},
	} as BrowserPasswordProviderOptions),
);
```

> `authenticatorSelection` can optionally be specified as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally specify the authenticatorSelection parameter when creating a passkey instance:
```

> You can optionally specify the authenticatorSelection parameter when creating a passkey instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally specify the `authenticatorSelection` parameter when creating a passkey instance:
```

> - "cross-platform": For authenticators that work across multiple devices/platforms (like security keys, mobile authenticators)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cross-platform`: Use this for authenticators that work across devices, such as hardware security keys or mobile phones.
```

> - "platform": For device-specific authenticators (like Touch ID, Face ID, Windows Hello)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `platform`: Use this for authenticators tied to a specific device, such as Touch ID, Face ID, or Windows Hello.
```

```

An example implemention can be found [here](https://github.com/MystenLabs/passkey-example).

## Supported Platforms

> Passkey devices compliant with the WebAuthn standard support passkey wallets in Sui. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sui supports passkey wallets on any device that complies with the WebAuthn standard. This includes most modern browsers and operating systems across desktop and mobile.
```

> For comprehensive device compatibility information, see [here](https://passkeys.dev/device-support/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check which platforms and authenticators are compatible, see the [Passkeys.dev device support list](https://passkeys.dev/device-support/).
```
